feat: update provider sections and OIDC (#29)
beclab/docs: docs/developer/develop/package/manifest.md

    version: v1
    ops:
    - InstallDevApp
  - dataType: legacy_prowlarr
    appName: prowlarr
    port: 9696
    group: api.prowlarr
    version: v2
    ops:
    - All
```
:::

> All system API [providers](../advanced/provider.md) are list below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All system API [providers](../advanced/provider.md) are list below:
```

```yaml
mobileSupported: true
```
:::

### oidc

- Optional
- Type: `map`

> The Terminus OS includes a built-in OpenID Connect authentication component to simplifies the way to verify the identity of users. Enable this option to use OpenID in your app. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Terminus OS includes a built-in OpenID Connect authentication component to simplify identity verification of users. Enable this option to use OpenID in your app. 
```
